[Music]
on March 21st 2023 the media credits the
annual purge a 12-hour period where in
all crimes are legal without authorities
intervening as an economic success
everywhere people are they're prepared
to barricade themselves in doors or
commit acts of violence the nation's
impoverished population is no longer
seen as people but as living garbage
whom the wealthy denounce is only living
to serve their needs however before the
6th annual purge begins a successful
anti purge resistance group led by
Carmelo Johns and his partner the
stranger from the first film revealed as
Dwane hijack government feeds to
denounce the new founding fathers and
their actions in Los Angeles
working-class waitress Eva Sanchez
returns home to her 17 year old daughter
Cali and terminally ill father Rico who
also despises the new founding fathers
as Eva and Cali prepared to barricade
themselves into their apartment Rico
retires to his room to be alone as the
purge starts as the purge alarm sounds
Rico slips out to a waiting limousine
leaving a note for his family revealing
that he has sold himself as a purge
offering in exchange for $100,000 to be
paid to Eva and Cali after the purge Eva
and Cali are distraught by the situation
married couple Shane and Liz visit a
grocery store only to be ambushed by a
masked gang of bikers as they drive away
to avoid them their car breaks down as
the biker gang had cut their fuel line
meanwhile an off-duty Los Angeles Police
Department sergeant Leo Barnes plots to
kill a man who had an inverted Lea run
down and killed the son while driving
drunk not during the purge and was
acquitted on legal technicalities Barnes
drives out into the streets heavily
armed posing as a vigilante as Shane and
Liz try to find safer hiding places the
purge commences Eva and Cali are
attacked by their lustful superintendent
Diego who felt insulted in the past by
Eva but he is gunned down by a
paramilitary platoon which captures the
women to offer them to their leader Big
Daddy for his own personal purge the
sergeant rescues them after killing the
troops and wounding Big Daddy they find
Shane and Liz hiding in the sergeant's
car the group flees just as Big Daddy
fires at them damaging the car as the
sergeant's car breaks down the group
flees on foot to reach the home of Eva's
co-worker Tanya and borrow her car as
they navigate the hostile streets they
find evidence that the anti purge group
has been gaining the upper hand against
the perjures discovering a paramilitary
van surrounded by soldiers who were shot
to death by their resistance fighters
after freeing Shane from a trap and
taking guns from the abandoned van they
head to the subways
Technic purging gang invades the subways
and sets hiding people on fire causing
chaos
Shane is wounded but the group manages
to escape after he and Liz destroy the
gangs all-terrain vehicle and his
propane tank with the salvaged
submachine guns killing the entire gang
after running for their lives Eva
unknowingly signals a traffic camera to
identify them to the new founding
fathers of America troops who pick up
the location of Tania's apartment
building the group reaches Tanja's house
but learns no cars there Tanya's family
takes them in offering dinner and
medicine however Tanya's sister Lorraine
proceeds to murder her sister for
sleeping with her husband the group
leaves the family to their fate only to
be captured by the masked gang who
revealed that they had no intention to
kill them and are selling them off to an
auction taking them to a theater where
upper-class perjures bid them for human
hunting after the gang is forced into
the arena
the sergeant subdues and kills apperture
taking his weapon and night-vision
glasses using the devices to overpower
and kill several other attackers
providing their arms to Shane and the
others before the head perjure Janice
calls in security to suppress the
uprising
Shane is shot and killed by security
forces the anti purge group attacks the
compound killing the security forces and
remaining perjures liz chooses to stay
with the resistance fighters to
retaliate against Shane's murderers
while the sergeant Eva and Cali leave
the sergeant carjacks Jan is holding her
at gunpoint and announcing her before
leaving in her car the sergeant Eva and
Cali drive up to a suburban neighborhood
and stop at the home of warren grass he
reveals that grass killed his son while
driving under the influence but was
acquitted he ventures into the house
threatening Warren and his wife the
sergeant exits the house covered in
blood only to be shot by Big Daddy who
reveals that the new founding fathers
have secretly dispatched death squads to
increase the body count because the
purge eliminates too few of the
lower-class possibly due to perjures
murdering those they have personal
grudges against and not just random
people justice he is about to kill the
sergeant Warren appears and shoots Big
Daddy with a pistol killing him
revealing that the sergeant chose to
spare him as Big Daddy's death squad
appears sirens blare to signal the end
of the purge making Big Daddy's death
legal and sparing sergeant Warren drives
Eva Cali and the sergeant to the
hospital as news and police helicopters
fly over the city